a prodigious semi-final between Serbia and
Canada was the first meeting between
these two nations
novak djokovic number one in the world
he jumped on the track to play the first
match against vasek pospísil the serbian
crush your opponent to great
bites designed to open appetite
in the first set and 6 to 0 in the second
in the third sleeve he also did not find
major problems ending the
match in three consecutive sets
the second match starring
janko tipsarevic and milos raonic was
crucial to the future of the series in
2013 the Canadian had won all
his matches in the competition the
deadly raonic kick worked to
the thousand wonders in belgrade
the decisive fifth set ended with
ten to eight in favor of the Canadian 100
leveled the score at the end of the first
day
the double was offered another epic pulse in
the one that canadians daniel and néstor
vasek pospísil defeated to and bozoljac and
nenad zimonjic the 4-band mess
solved in the fifth set for 10 to 8
for canada
intense of the first three matches
was canada 2 serbia 1
the third day began with a lot
tension and of course with an expected
djokovic running
in the case of the world number one no
there was room for error the inaugural set
it was prolonged until the tiebrake
the tie-break was for djokovic
the Serbian talisman added also the
second set for 6 to 2 and not in accordance with
2 repeated figure in the third set
taking the match
so everything was pending
resolution until the fifth meeting the
key to the final were the rackets
of tipsarevic and pospisil the Serbian
awarded the first partial in the tie
break
tipsarevic took advantage of the inertia and
did also with the second sleeve and this
once for 6 to 2 and the third set also
fell on the side of the Balkans
now only the Czech republic is
interposed between Serbian and the glory will be
in november